oh my god this was um this was not an
easy film to make and first off I have
to thank Cleve Jones and Anne kronenberg
and all the real-life people who shared
their stories with me and Gus Van Sant's
Sean Penn Emil Hurst Josh Brolin James
Franco and our entire cast my producers
Dan Jenks and Bruce Cohen everyone at
grounds won't focus for taking on the
challenge of telling this life-saving
story when I was 13 years old my
beautiful mother and my father moved me
from a conservative Mormon home in San
Antonio Texas to California and I heard
the story of Harvey Milk and it gave me
hope it gave me the hope to live my life
it gave me the hope to one day I could
live my life openly is Who I am and that
maybe even I could fall in love and one
day get married I want to I want to
thank my mom who has always loved me for
who I am even when there was pressure
not to but most of all if Harvey had not
been taken from us 30 years ago I think
he'd want me to say to all of the gay
and lesbian kids out there tonight who
have been told that they are less than
by their churches or by the government
or by their families that you are
beautiful wonderful creatures of a value
and that no matter what anyone tells you
God does love you and that very soon I
promise you you will have equal rights
federally across this great nation of
ours thank you
thank you and thank you God for giving
us Harvey know